---
title: 10/20/2022, Week 6, Lecture 2.
updated: 2022-10-20 05:58:21Z
created: 2022-10-20 05:03:10Z
latitude: 33.72938820
longitude: 73.09314610
altitude: 0.0000
---

10/20/2022, Week 6, Lecture 2.

Assignment, Discuss the current trends and opportunities in technology/technical entrepreneurship. There are some concepts in the book that you cannot inlcude. This needs to be searched online.

trends, list, explain, company examples.
Deadline, Next thursday.

LAST class, PILLARS.

The buisness Model Canvas,

Partners, 

Book page 24, chapter needs to be read.

Mini cases, > Pillars. See last class reference above. Need to read about pillars.

### Pillar 5,

> the first pillars were in the last class.

the 4 Principals 

P. 1, value creation is the primary purpose.
P. 2, they can sustain set backs.
Principal 3, talking about private property, innovations of othes. contractual obligations of partner contracts. right of others. Buisness ethics basically.
P. 4, judgment of the market, change in customers mind set, change in technologies. Rigitdity in personality is bad, change should be accepted.

> all 4 pillars are important.

`Book page 31`

> Chapter 2 ends here.

# Chapter 3

Idea generation for technology ventures.

The idea generation process... 4 steps...

The 6 venture types. 3 types of buisness

B2C, B2B, B2G

### Step 1, Identify a point of pain,

Identify the POP ^. One must analyze the market, could be on existing products as well as non existent products...

reference signals, such as customers telling us why a  particular tech doesn't exist with us.

*Exhibit 3.3* take a POP and apply this chain to it.

Customer cannot select properly or customer cannot search properly, both can be a point of pain. This can be an idea.

### Step 2, 

`Book page 50`

Is the idea worth it, is this POP valid enough, 

ways of idea of generation.

1. what is bugging you
2. be present in life
3. Let your subconsious do your work
4. Attack practical problems.
	When you face a problem, note them down. Note down the frustrations.
5. Thing big or go home. (lol)
	

