---
title: 08/12/2022 Lecture 1 2
updated: 2022-12-08 07:05:34Z
created: 2022-12-08 03:48:29Z
---

08/12/2022 Lecture 1 2

Chapter 7 1 question must in final.

Buisness plan as project? I think...

Direction of the buisness, it give you the direction. who watches which departmnet, which processes input gives what output. < operations, buisness plan.

Mission vision goal objectives are not finalized. this keeps changing. this is not the plan.

### Purpose of a buisness plan?
1. ### To obtain financing.
 	An investor will only invest if a the plan is clear. because they want to calculate ROI. buisness plan gives them all of this. Even after a pitch they would still want a buisness plan. 
	> clarity of purpose as to what kind of finaincian you are looking for , the BP would reflect that.
	#### 2nd reason
	this will also determine at what level how much resources you will need, financial as well as others.
	#### 3rd reason.
	It gives your buisness a direction. just like the imagined ends that came in the first chapter. Good buisness plans mention multiple ends...
	> Buisness plan must have a one imagined end to remain focussed in one thing.
	#### 4rth reason
	it helps us obtain a co-venture. A co-venture is needed when two expertises need to be merged. Sony Ericsson
	Pull effect? marketing perhaps.
	
### Elements of a buisness plan.
`PAGE 172`
30 to 40 pages at least.
#### Section 1
**Table of contents**
**Executive Summary**.
Crux of the buisness plan. If one should read this, he should understand what the BP is about. the ES should pull the customer to read the BP.

#### Section 2,
Description of venture.
Product and services, what has been done before what is being done.


Section 1: Title page
- Table of contents
- Executive summary
Section 2:
1.0  Description of  business
- Description of  the venture
- Product(s) and/or service(s)
- Mission statement
- Business model
2.0  Description of  industry
- Type of  industry
- Future outlook and tends of  industry
- Analysis of  competitors
- Trends and market forecasts
3.0  Technology plan
- Description of  technology
- Technology comparison
- Commercialization requirements
4.0  Marketing plan
- Market segment
- Pricing
- Distribution
- Promotion
- Product or service
- Sales for first 5 years
5.0  Financial plan
- Sources and applications of  funds     statement
- Pro forma income statement
- Pro forma cash flow statements
- Pro forma balance sheet
6.0  Production (outsourcing) plan
- Manufacturing process    (amount subcontracted)
- Physical plant
- Machinery and equipment
7.0  Organization plan
- Form of  ownership
- Identification of  partners and/or principal shareholders
- Management team background
- Roles and responsibilities of  members of organization
8.0  Operational plan
- Description of  company’s operation
- Flow of  orders and goods
- Exit strategy
- Suppliers of  raw materials
- Outsourcing aspects
- Organizational structure

9.0  Summary

Section 3: Appendices (exhibits)
- Exhibit A − résumés of  principals
- Exhibit B − market statistics
- Exhibit C − market research data
- Exhibit D − competitive brochures
- Exhibit E − competitive price lists
- Exhibit F − leases and contracts
- Exhibit G − supplier price lists

