---
done:✅
title: 24/11/2022 After mids. Week 12 (?)
updated: 2022-11-24 05:58:24Z
created: 2022-11-24 03:14:47Z
latitude: 33.72938820
longitude: 73.09314610
altitude: 0.0000
---

24/11/2022 After mids. Week 12 (?)

### chapter 4,
Idea development process.
concept of newness.

#### Todays topic market segmentation...

an entre. cannot cater to the needs of the complete market. There behaviour defference, attitude difference.

Market subsets, its a good idea to chase down Only the specific customers that are connected to your product. It can be multiple subsets or a single subsets.

Good targetting, customization. these are the two benefits of MS.

steps to choose a segment. (the most profitable)

1. number of customers 
2. market share

how to segment?

demographics (age, gender, social class, economics)

> how to do it in age?
> age
> Social class
> middle, lower class.

Geographic based segment.

> e:g city based segmentation. country base, region based.

psychlogical segmentation, behaviour, attitude 

benefits based segementation, 

Volume of use... 

controllable marketing elemenets, sales promotion, guarrantees

> **all subusets are called target markets.**

We can say we are targetting x y z.

This is called **STP** or segmentation, target and positioning...

### Important for exam 👆

# Chapter 5

Intellectual property.

intangible property that is earned through invention...

> IP rights, you need to protect it from others stealing it.

important table, 5.4.

There are 6 ways to acquire IP rights.

1. Trade secret, only you know, nobody else knows the formula, e:g Coke.
2. Trademark, logo, picture, e:g BMW, Pepsi, MCDs,

Mask work, Design patent, Utility patent.
> *Class 2*

Page 172 of the book. Chapter 7. This is what is needed in the report.

