---
title: 01/12/2022 Lecture 1
updated: 2022-12-08 05:36:26Z
created: 2022-12-01 03:43:08Z
latitude: 33.72938820
longitude: 73.09314610
altitude: 0.0000
---

01/12/2022 Lecture 1

Maskwork. 
Chips, dell, HP.
If you have a chip buisness, you can get a MW

Assignment??

Design Patent. (non functional aspects)
Utility Patent. (functional aspects)

Recognizing IP. recognition of IP within your product.

3 steps. Page 96 of pdf. Topic 5.3...


***
### later notes...

Trade Secret, Anyting that can be kept secret. Coke formula, KFC sauce formula.
Trademark, used for identification of goods and services, KFC mcdonalds
Copyright, works of authorship, writing. Software, music art
Utility Patent,
Maskwork, IC Chips
Design Patent, non functional parts coke bottle.	

#### Recognising
When a want or a problem is solved in the marketplace, it is a candidate for IP and rights should be pursued.
How is IP recgonized?
Identify in your buisness what customers find different in your buisness then others.
disect processes and systems to understand how things are better distintive and unique
Its not necessary that your alternative unique solutions are only useful to you. You can identify an IP that might be useful for other buisnesses.
If IP assets are properly identified and protected, it makes a buisness attractive to investors and an entrepreneur can go to more rounds of VC funding.

#### Trade Secret
AS long as it can be kept a secret, a trade secret can be kept a secret. There are no specific laws that protect TS, because of it snature. Some states do however have laws. But they are very conditional. as to how trade secrets are stored and how much effort is emplouyed to keep them a secret.

### Patents

Design patents, manufaturers stoppping other manufactoring others 
Plant patents concerning plants
Utility
petty patents

#### copyright

They come into form as long as a work of authorship is put in reading or visuall perceivable form. Reg. not necessary.

