---
revised: ✅
title: 09/29/2022 Week 3,
updated: 2022-09-29 06:43:32Z
created: 2022-09-29 05:48:21Z
latitude: 33.59839400
longitude: 73.04413520
altitude: 0.0000
---

09/29/2022 Week 3, Lecture 5

Q3, 3 Ass (10)
Project 5 marks

### 4 types of innovation.

innovation graph,

Graph between exisiting market vs new market,
existing technology vs new .

#### Disruptive innovation

*accessiblity* of the technology must be pirority.

since the technology is new, we need to make sure a larger audience can use it.

second factor is cost, you need to take the cost down.
Examples is internet in its early stages, it was unaccessible before, but now the cost as well as acessiblity has improved (lower cost, more accessible)

Strategies to control cost, 
Select values that the user wants.
Always keeping cost in mind so we don't get the cost more then our profits. 

### Radical innovation

also known as invention...

using new technology and new customers (new market entirely)

### Architectural inn.

Existing technology but you change the design.

Buisness curve,

RI G M D

Radical or incremental innovation se start, growth phase (acquiring customers), maturity and then decline.

If maturity has reached, you will be required to innovate to avoid decline.

Question in the paper can be in a way like a case will be given , such as what a company has done in the last 4 quarters.

The question will be according to the graph, we will need to show what the type of innovation happened in the last quarters.

### Chapter 1 from the book.

1. Entrpreneurail expertise.
2. MVP / Prototype.
3. Fail often fail fast
4. trends


